[Outlook] (mobile) Clarify add-in support for on-prem accounts (#3378)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/concepts/requirements-for-running-office-add-ins.md

|Outlook on Android|- Android tablets<br>- Android smartphones|- Android 4.4 KitKat or later|On the latest update of Microsoft 365 Apps for business or Exchange Online|Browser not applicable. Use the native app for Android.<sup>1</sup>|
|Outlook on iOS|- iPad tablets<br>- iPhone smartphones|- iOS 11 or later|On the latest update of Microsoft 365 Apps for business or Exchange Online|Browser not applicable. Use the native app for iOS.<sup>1</sup>|
|Outlook on the web (modern)<sup>2</sup>|- iPad 2 or later<br>- Android tablets |- iOS 5 or later<br>- Android 4.4 KitKat or later|On Microsoft 365, Exchange Online|- Microsoft Edge<br>- Chrome<br>- Firefox<br>- Safari|
|Outlook on the web (classic)|- iPhone 4 or later<br>- iPad 2 or later<br>- iPod Touch 4 or later|- iOS 5 or later|On on-premises Exchange Server 2013 or later<sup>3</sup>|- Safari|

> [!NOTE]
> <sup>1</sup> OWA for Android, OWA for iPad, and OWA for iPhone native apps have been [deprecated](https://support.microsoft.com/office/076ec122-4576-4900-bc26-937f84d25a4b).
>
> <sup>2</sup> Modern Outlook on the web on iPhone and Android smartphones is no longer required or available for testing Outlook add-ins.
>

> > <sup>3</sup> Add-ins aren't supported for on-premises Exchange accounts on Outlook on Android, on iOS, and on modern mobile web.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> <sup>3</sup> Add-ins aren't supported in Outlook on Android, on iOS, and modern mobile web with on-premises Exchange accounts.
```
